You thought my daughter couldn't live without your son
With her looks and job
I don't know how many men are chasing her
Yiqiu, this is all Lin Feng's fault
Lin Feng has gone too far
But you've been in love since you were 16.
It's been 20 years.
Are you willing to give up this relationship?
Yeah, take a break.
I know you are a good daughter-in-law
affectionate and righteous
Please forgive Lin Feng.
Let him remarry you
Oops, I knelt down for you
What are you doing?
Get up!
Look at your good son
Parents are on their knees
He was indifferent
If Lin Feng doesn't kneel down, he will apologize for the robbery.
I see.
The reason why you let me and Icho remarry
You just don't want me to take that house back
I didn't expect you to do it for my sister
Really painstaking?
Bullshit, we're all for your own good
Mom and Dad, get up
Lin Feng
Let's talk.
Lin Feng hurry up
I forgave you before
Go back and have a good chat with him
If you want to talk, you can talk to him yourself
I have to go first
Hey Linfeng
Look at your good son
Obviously he made a mistake
Also a reasonable appearance of Hu Zhi
Go away, go away, you all give me go away
Lin Feng, if you don't apologize today
Your father and I would never kill a horse
Brother, be careful, I will go to your company to sue you for being unfilial.
See what you do then.